All right, so today we're
starting out with a complex
scene. I'm going to share my
screen.
All right.
Um, so you could begin when
you're ready? OK, we're looking
at a thing called escape from
the zoo.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
the picture the scene is taking
place in a zoo and it's filled
with.
Many people and many types of
animals. Different parts of the
zoo. It looks like a pretty
crazy zoo. Some of the animals
are running free, the pot or the
rhinoceros.
And is running down.
The sidewalk with all the people
running in front of it, trying
to escape from it, including a
snake. It's very colorful. There
are there's an umbrella, a man
with a hot dog stand.
On one of the pathways and
serving a hot dog to a person
with a blue hat and black
backpack.
There's a pen that has the
zebras in it and then the
zebras' cage. It's not really a
cage. It's kind of an open area
that's surrounded by a clear
fence. That's the glass fence.
And in that area there's a
hippopotamus. There are some
flamingos, there are some
zebras.
And across the walkway in
another enclosure, there's the
Lions' enclosure and.
The lion and the lioness are
sitting up on a rock, and
they're both.
Licking their chops because some
some of the people have fallen
into their enclosure, so I guess
they're trying to decide if they
should.
eat them.
In the middle of the picture
there is a enclosure that looks
like an ice structure.
I don't see anything in there.
Umm.
So that may.
No, no, the hippopotamus or the
rhinoceros wouldn't have escaped
from there anyway.
There was something in there I
can't see. Maybe Penguins, but.
Further in the back there is an
area that's colder. It's got the
polar bears, the polar bear
enclosure, so. And then far to
the right of the picture is the
cafe and the gift shop where
people can shop and eat. And
sitting on top of the cafe
there's an eagle and a parrot
and another kind of bird.
And if you look to the right of
the cafe and the shop, there's
another enclosure that has the
great apes and there are 123456
of them sitting out on a mound
with grass and rock, just
looking at the people, and the
people are looking back at them.
And finally, across from the
Lions and next to the Apes is an
enclosure that has the.
Has the African animals the the
ze, no, the giraffe.
Uh, the antelope and the
aardvark.
two of the animals that are out
on the Savannah and there's a
little.
Penguin in an airplane that's
flying past the enclosure, which
may have been what was in the.
Umm.
The ice structure. Maybe the
Penguin escaped.
And finally, there is a tree
that overlooks the whole scene
that has some lemurs in it, and
they're sitting there looking at
the people. So it's a beautiful
scene filled with lots of color
and lots of people looking at
the animals.
Walking.
Through the exhibits.
And some animals with them.
There's a kangaroo amongst them.
Away in the back I see that
there are some elephants as
well, and the rhinoceros, so I
guess that's where the rhino
escaped from.
The elephant cage.
And all of this.
Right outside of the city, you
can see the city skyline way in
the back of the scene. That's
the end.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK, let me.
Trying to be a little shorter.
OK, Next is a story.
OK, so this one's a short story.
So describe the page and then
ask me when to move on to the
next one. OK?
#START_quest So this is, this is
this is the story for Darcy. It
says that on the first page and
on this page we see.
A, a statute. It may be, I
wonder, it may be a statue of
Darcy.
In a costume, a young Roman.
Child, young girl with wings on
her back and say.
vest made it looks like may have
been made of chain meal with
sandals and a a skirt and.
I can't tell if she's holding a
sword in her hand.
Anyway, she's it's a statue of
Stone statue of her standing on
a wall, and and beside this wall
is a garbage can and a park
bench and a lamp post. So it
looks to be that it's an
entrance to the park, and as you
look to the next page you'll see
that.
Behind the statue there is a
stone bridge.
So we are definitely in a park
and the walkway leads under the
bridge where there is a a wooden
door and two children are
standing underneath the.
The bridge trying to get away
from the rain. They have ridden
their bike which is a tandem
that's parked outside the.
Underpass sitting out in the
rain. It's a little bit
confusing scene because.
The one child is holding his
hands out to see if to feel the
rain, but the other child is
looking suspiciously at the
doors that are underneath the
bridge that they're standing
beside. And above them is a
street lamp, but, well, not a
street lamp, but a lamp that's
coming out of the bottom of the
bridge and it's shining its
light on the two children.
Also in the picture is across
from the statue of the Roman.
Or your Angel is a mermaid that
you can only see the bottom part
of her.
Her fin, but you can see her
hands and long hair.
So at each abutment of the of
the.
Bridge there's a different
statue. On the other side.
There's a Indian Buddha looking
statue and it the road leads on
into the park and there's
another park bench on the other
side of the of the Thruway into
the park.
Turn the page.
So as the children are standing
there, the next page shows that
the doors have opened and a
wizard looking King comes out.
He startles them, they both
fallen back and one, the little
girl's laying on the ground
leaning up on her elbow and the
boy is leaning against the wall
and the wizard is.
Showing though a piece of paper
that has something that looks
like a crown on it with.
Five round circles connected by
lines and above the children is
a.
Creature that is flown out of
the door.
It's purple and it has a long
tail and wings and it's flying
above the children.
On the the wall surrounding the
door.
There are there is a picture of
the mermaid and.
Looks also like a picture of
the.
The person, the king, who's come
out of the door.
And there's also the frame of
the door has a picture of.
What looks like to be a squid
and his tentacles form the shape
of the door.
The next page shows three scenes
where the Wizard King.
puts
His sash around the little girl.
And gives the boy a piece of
paper and something in his hand.
Something that they were holding
like a scroll and the little
bird. The Purple bird is on the
boy's shoulder and the king is
pointing them to go. And as he
points to them to go, some
soldiers, Roman soldiers with
Spears, come out of the door
behind the king and the purple
bird flies away and and the
soldiers grabbed the king and.
The.
Children are startled and
staring at what's happening. And
then the third scene on that
page, the soldiers are forcing
the king with the long white
beard and the crown on his head
to go back into the door to the
doorway that he came out of
underneath the bridge.
And leave the children there
with the scrolls, and the paper
with the crown on it, and the
purple creature.
Turn the page.
So it's still raining the the
the next page shows that it's
still raining outside and the
children are still under the
bridge and they're standing
around the door where the the
king was just.
Captured and taken back inside.
And they're trying to decide
what to do. They they have.
3-4 Scrolls, one is Red, one is
orange, one is purple.
And the one that the larger
scroll that the king gave to
them. So a white piece of paper.
And the little boy is standing
there looking at the purple
scroll that he has in his hand.
In his left hand. In his right
hand he has a the white larger
scroll that has the crown.
Picture the crown in it, and
still sitting on the little
boy's shoulder is the purple
bird with a long tail and
feathers.
They're talking to each other
and deciding what to do and on
the next page it's shows three
more scenes.
Where the the bird is flying in
the air. Although he's not
leaving, he's staying around
this. The children are still
outside the door and inside the
scrolls they discover that there
are keys.
And they unfold the scrolls and
find that both of them, the red
and the purple scrolls, have
keys in them. And in the second
scene the the Purple Bird has
landed on the ground and the
children are comparing their
keys to each other's. And in the
third scene they've put the keys
in the door and.
The keys opened the doors, and
they run into the doorway, which
the soldiers and the the
soldiers had taken the old king
and.
Taking him back into inside the
doorway into the hall and the
purple bird follows them into
the door. Next page.
So this page is.
Shows where the children ended
up as they ran through the door.
The door let you it was to a
cave.
And a an underground passage
that comes out into a city.
And it comes out into a small
body of water where there's a
water fountain and a rock.
And um flying in the air are
some.
Dirigible looking.
Vessels that are there are three
of them floating in the air that
have propellers and each of them
contains people in them and
they're probably air taxis or
something. But getting back to
the children, they are hiding
behind a rock that is sitting
next to The Cave entrance that
they came out of, and they're
looking across the water onto
the next page where you see.
The walls of the city and.
A steamer boat or a wheel boat
that has crossed the river and
has the soldiers and the king.
On it, and the soldiers are
holding their Spears to the
king, so he must have escaped to
give the children clues, and the
soldiers have captured him and
are now taking him back across
the water.
Have taken him through The Cave,
across the water and back to
prison.
The the the water leads into a
river that enters under a bridge
into the what looks like it goes
into the city.
And above the the wheeled ship,
the steamship is a bridge where
there are.
Soldiers watching over the city.
Umm.
And.
There are things burning in the
city. There's a lot of smoke
there. I'm not sure what that
means yet, but we'll find out.
So the next page picture shows
the children still hiding behind
the rock, trying to figure out
what to do next.
And looking towards the archway
that the boat floated towards
and through.
Looked like it was heading into
the city. The children are
looking at the paper that the
king gave to them that had the
circles on it and the connecting
lines, and they're staring at
it, trying to figure out what it
is. Standing next to the
children across like a little
in, out, XX, is the red is the
purple bird looking into the
water, and in the distance is
the boat with the king and the
soldiers.
Sailing under the archway.
Of the bridge where
The soldiers are standing,
watching the boat pass
underneath.
The city itself is a great wall
city with tiled roofs and golden
domed roofs and several fires
burning in the city.
The boat itself, with the king
on it, looks to be headed out to
sea now instead of into the
city.
Heading towards.
An area that has lots of clouds
and smoke.
On the next page, it's a
Detailed close up of the paper
that the king gave to the
children and it shows 6 circles.
Multicolored circles, one circle
of yellow that has it's
underwater with some fish
swimming around it. Looks like
the pantheon.
A green circle that has.
Another building on it, a blue
circle that has a.
Mountain inside it, a purple
circle that has a palm tree in
it, a red circle that has trees,
a forest with a door and a tree
in it.
And the gold circle that shows
where they are currently.
at the city.
And these circles are
superimposed on a map.
Of.
Of the country.
And the little boy, the little
girl's finger.
Is pointing to the yellow circle
that looks under the sea with
the fish swimming, and each of
these circles is.
Connected by colorful lines.
Some of them have full rainbow
between.
Blue and the purple between the
purple and the red, there's a
purple line. Between the red and
the gold, there's a red and a
purple line. Between the gold
and the yellow. There's a
purple, gold and red line.
Between the yellow there's the
purple, yellow, gold and red
line between the red and the
green and the blue with the
purple, green, yellow, orange
and red line, and then between
the blue and the purple.
Circles. They've come full
circle and the every color is
represented as a rainbow.
So that must be the end of.
When they finally get to where
they're going, they'll be at the
palm tree.
Turn the page.
So the next page shows the
children still.
Sitting at the rock beside the
water.
The pointed rock.
And they're hiding behind it.
It's big enough that they can
hide there and not be seen. The
little boy is crouched down,
holding the picture of the
circles, and the map on the
little girl is standing next to
the rock.
Hiding and looking, and the
waterfall is behind them.
And coming towards them on the
water are the boats and these
soldiers who were.
Formerly upon the bridge,
looking down into the water and
watching the Boat go by. They're
coming towards them in canoes or
the types of boats you would see
in Venice with a with the.
Poleman standing on one end of
the boat and pushing the boat
forward.
With the other people standing
or sitting in the boat.
In the lead boat, there's the
man in gold with a gold hat and
a gold skirt.
And gold legs.
It's hard to say if he it's a.
Armor or something.
And also flying near the
children is the purple bird with
the long purple tail.
The sky is blue, there are
mountains in the background and
to the right of the children.
Across the water is the city
once again with the fires
burning. On the next page is
another page of three scenes.
The children are have pulled out
their.
Scrolls again. They're standing
on top of the rock. The Purple
bird is on the little boy's
shoulder.
And they have found.
In.
The purple scrolls.
Flippers for their feet. The
little girl has a red scroll in
her hand and she's found
flippers for her feet to go into
the water and something else in
her hand and the little boy.
Also.
Is touching the tentacles of.
Some type of creature that's
coming out of the water.
And the purple bird is still on
his shoulder.
Umm. And then in the third scene
at the bottom of the page, the
bottom right, it shows both of
the children have dove, dovan,
dove into the water, both with a
pair of red flippers on their
feet, the tail of the bird.
Has also is also shown, so he's
dove into the water, and the
tentacles of the creature are
also.
Shown as a splashing where all
four.
Of the people in the scene have
dove into the water. Next page.
This next page shows the the
girl and the boy have put on
their.
Underwater masks and they're
breathing apparatuses and it
shows them swimming with an
octopus or squid through the
water towards a great.
Underwater city and even the
little Purple Bird has a.
A tank, air tank and a mask for
breathing, and they're holding
on to the tentacles of the
purple squid. And this is a
scene in purple.
Which was the color of the 1st
circle the next page.
Is the a picture of the city.
Where it's lit, that looks like
the ancient structure of the
pantheon, underneath the water
of the underneath the sea and
around the sea and the walls.
The the walls are aqueducts that
were built by the Great Romans.
And.
Pillars and old ruins of the
Great Roman Empire and around
swimming around these ruins and
and the aqueducts are.
Sharks and other small fish.
And the pantheon is lit up. It's
it's the only thing that's
bright and lit. Looks like there
may be some type of light there.
And the squid and the is pulling
the children and the the bird
towards this structure.
Turn the page.
This page shows that they have
arrived in the pantheon
structure and at the center of
it is a.
A column that has the seahorses
that that's it's a concrete
structure fountain.
Umm.
Like almost like a bird bath
looking thing that has seahorses
as its base and.
The the.
It's surrounded by columns, a
Roman, ancient Roman columns.
That's are lit up by something
in this birdbath looking thing.
And the young girl.
uh swarm towards it and has
lifted or is putting either as
putting something or taking
something out of this bird bath
looking thing.
It looks gold and bright.
And.
The boy is looking at her.
He has the scroll in his hand,
the map and.
Floating around our other fish
and.
Lots of seaweed and.
On the next page shows that the
soldiers and the Man in gold.
Have begun to chase, have also
come under the water and have
begun to chase the squid and the
boy and the girl and the bird,
the purple bird.
And the squid. The boy and the
girl holding on to the tentacles
of the squid and it's pulling
them out of the picture as they
look at their map and heading
towards something new. Next
page.
And Umm.
The squid.
I guess the squid has taken them
to an island and left them
there. And this picture shows
the boy and the girl escaping
the water running out of the
water to a tropical island
that's covered with palm trees.
And the boy is still in at the
edge of the water with his
flippers on and his his air tank
and mask. The girl.
Is out of the water and has
removed her flippers and her air
tank, and the bird has also
removed his air tank and is
flying in, through the sky, and
they're making their way up a
slight slope into the forest of
palm trees.
And the next page is a blank
page with just the girl and the
boy and the scrolls have turned
into.
Crayons and the little girl
holds a red crayon or marker and
the little boy holds a purple
one and they are drawing.
Something on the page.
And it looks like it's maybe an.
It's a purple hump.
With a Red Square, it looks like
they may be drawing an elephant.
Or some kind of animal that they
can ride on.
It's hard to say yet, and
sitting on the boy's shoulder is
the purple bird.
Umm.
Next page.
Yes, so this page shows that.
They decided to use their magic
scroll, which turned into a pen.
It turned into crayons and
markers to draw a.
Purple.
Rhinoceros with, on top of is a.
A canopied saddle where both the
boy and the girl are sitting
under the canopy. It's a very
tropical place and this picture
shows them riding the rhinoceros
along a dirt path that has taken
them into the jungle.
And.
The bird is flying overhead with
them, and as they make their way
down the path they come to two
large statues of of men with.
Feathers on their back.
And they're they're walking
towards these statues on either
side of the dirt road and.
The dirt Road leads to.
The ancient civil ancient Incan
or Mayan civilization where they
had these.
Large pyramid type things with
steps going up and they would
have human sacrifices there. And
anyway the rhinoceros with the
children riding on top
underneath the canopy is heading
towards these.
235 pyramidal.
Pyramidical structures.
And on the next page, it's a
continuation of the scene that
shows, an another area of the
island with lots of palm trees,
and it's also, it shows an
inland of water, a Bay of water
with a waterfall and a beach.
That's overlooked by these
pyramids and the path that the
children are walking on.
And in the distance there is
another pyramid and and also
from the Cliff there's a what
looks to be a bridge that leads
to an island made out of stone
with a large tall.
Structure on it with a light at
the top.
Across the water coming out of
the water and the sky is blue
with lots of clouds.
All done.
For the next page, the next
picture.
Shows that the children have
made their way to the Cliff that
holds the bridge, the the.
The rope bridge.
That goes over the sea or the
the Bay Area that leads to this.
Tall pyramidal structure that
has the light on it, and on each
side of the structure there are
steps that very steep steps that
you can walk up, look down and
go into the water.
But this rope bridge leads from
the tall steep Cliff across the
water to the top of this pyramid
and.
The children are running across
this bridge that looks rather
rickety and unstable.
But they're running away. It
looks like from something
they're looking back over their
shoulder and the purple bird is
flying overhead with them and
staying with them and.
Also in the distance it looks
like there may be other birds in
the sky flying, but it's hard to
say. Still could be some clouds,
but anyway the children are
running across this this rope
bridge towards the top of the.
Pyramid structure.
Towards the light.
Next page.
This page, the next page, shows
that they escaped the soldiers
who are also running across the
bridge, which was missing a lot
of its wooden.
Wooden
I don't know what they're
called, planks.
But the soldiers are running
across and chasing them, and the
children have made it to the
very top of the structure. And
they're looking down at the
soldiers who are now crossing
the bridge, also in in pursuit
of them. And there are 123, it
looks like four soldiers with
Spears chasing the children who
are now standing at the top
where the light is. And they
have nowhere to go, but they do
have their scrolls in their
hands.
And their bird, the purple bird,
is there, flying above them.
Um, possibly guiding them where
to go next.
So in the next page they have
taken out their magic scrolls.
And or have changed them into
their markers again and they're
drawing. The little girl's
drawing a plank or little what
looks like to be a red box, and
the little boy is drawing
purple.
Looks like propellers, he's
drawn 4.
Propellers.
And they're looking at each
other, little girls sitting on
the ground drawing her picture
and the little boy standing up
drawing his.
Propeller looking.
Things and the purple bird is
sitting on the boy's shoulder
once again.
Next page.
So in this next picture it shows
that in the nick of time they
have finished their pictures.
And.
Umm.
The little boy was drawing the
wings to a large.
Dragonfly.
And in this picture it shows
that the soldiers have just
reached the top of the, the
pyramid that's over, that has
rises above the the sea and the
Bay and the and the little girl
was drawing a picture of a
swing. So the swing is attached,
is being held.
The.
The rope of the string is being
attached, is being held by the
dragonfly and the children and
the bird are sitting on the
swing and just in in time have.
Are flying through the air on
the swing as they as the
soldiers try to reach towards
them and grab them.
The soldiers are dark dark Gray
colored and the children are
bright colored with the red
swing and the purple dragonfly
and the purple bird and.
They are. Also in the scene, In
the background we see there's
dirigible.
Umm.
Planes or.
flying.
I don't know what they are.
Flying things, heading with
balloons on top of them, heading
towards children and the
dragonfly, and on the next page
you actually get to see the
dragonfly. He has four wings
that the little boy was drawing
and a long tail and looks very
much like a dragonfly would. And
he has six legs that are are
hanging down and holding on to
the rope.
Of the swing and.
The dragonfly is heading towards
the Snow Covered Mountains in
the distance.
So they're flying across the
water and heading towards the
mountains.
This, this picture, the children
have arrived.
And on top of one of the
mountains where there was a.
A statue and a.
Looks like a memorial to.
from maybe India or Thailand
with a statue of.
A Royal Priest, Indian priest or
or Asian priests sitting in the
cross leg position. It's very.
Decorated. It has.
4 lanterns on it and a large
Dome on top where the children
have landed. The dragonfly has
this has stopped.
And it's hovering above the top
of this memorial, and the
children have been able to jump
off the swing and land on the
very top that has a point on top
of it.
Also in the picture you see the
three dirigibles with the fan
fans coming towards the same
place where the children are and
the the Purple bird is flying
with the children and the little
boy is the last to get off the
swing and and also it looks like
it has started to snow.
There's snow on the ground and
and.
On the next page it shows that.
The little girl has taken this
sash off and she now has 123456.
Six scrolls that have been each
of those at least the purple and
the red ones have turned into
crayons, but they now have four
other scrolls or colorful
things. One is the Orange, one
is yellow one is.
Green and the other's blue and
they are.
They were on her sash and she
takes them off and looks like
she's going to place them at the
top of this monument.
And they're both balancing on
top of the the very top of this
monument.
Next.
This page shows the children.
Umm.
Realizing that those dirigibles
that were headed towards them.
Were the same soldiers and the
gold man with his gold armor who
were chasing them on the water,
and this time they've rather
than having boats, they have.
Taken the dirigibles and flown
them towards the children and
are still trying to capture
them.
In this picture the children
realize that they are there and
the the dirigibles are closing
in on the children and the bird
is flying away.
This it looks like the sash.
I can't really tell he has
something in his hand, but the
soldiers are reaching towards
the bird and the children are
still holding on to.
The.
The handle thing at the top of
the monument.
Umm, where they're standing and
the snow is coming down. The sky
is dark and you can see the the.
The the water, the purplish.
Purplish color of the water
beneath them.
Umm.
And then the next picture.
The dirigibles with the soldiers
in our have turned away and
they're heading back.
I cannot tell if the children
left with them or if they're on
them, but they are flying away
and you can see that it's
snowing and that the skies are
dark and the soldiers are.
The three ships are flying away.
Next page.
In this page.
The.
Soldiers are back in the
picture. The children are still
standing on top of the
monuments.
Holding on to this cone shaped.
Umm.
cone shaped structure.
And as the bird flies away.
He leaves a rainbow of color.
That's made by the colorful
scrolls that were in the sash
that the girl gave to the bird.
And the the color from the
rainbow is so bright that it
startles the the men and the
dirigible and the the man in.
This soldier in gold and it's a
shocks the gerbil dirigibles and
throws them off course. And one
of them is.
Tumbles and then the soldiers
fall out and are trying to hold
on to stay inside.
And the next picture shows that
the bird is heading towards the
city, back towards the city.
With the rainbow of color
following it, and in that
picture also shows the third
dirigible just tumbling through
the sky and all the soldiers
falling out of it. And one of
the soldiers has a golden cage
that I finally see in his hand.
And so he is trying to hold on
to that golden cage.
And in the background is the
city with the golden domes and
the the tall buildings sitting
on the water.
And.
Next.
The next page shows.
The rainbow coming from the top
of the mountain in the distance.
And.
Umm.
There was a snow covered
mountain and it lands on the
second page where there's a
boat.
That the.
The king was floating in and
this rainbow.
Brings joy to the king and
strength to the king, but it
looks like it's destroying the
soldiers, and the soldiers are
falling from the boat into the
water.
And falling off the walls of the
city and.
Bringing light to the city.
It's reflected in the water that
is flowing.
On the river, past the city and
past the aqueducts of the city
walls and the bird.
Has brought this the rainbow and
the joy to the king and the
city, and it looks to be like
he's going to fly out of the
page or off the page.
And continue on.
Umm.
Next page.
So in this page.
Umm.
It looks like the.
Rainbow has brought.
Light and color and joy to a
dark city.
That was in, was in captivity
and the colors of the page are
blue and.
Orange and yellow and purple and
red.
And and it's shining on the city
with the stone city with lots of
windows and arches and domes and
walls and bridges and.
Along the.
It's going through this city.
There is a.
It's not a it's not a river, but
it kind of looks like a river,
but it's almost like a a
waterway.
It's enclosed in concrete and
the.
The king.
Went to the boat that he was
originally captured in. Looks
like he had gone to the mountain
across the water and gotten the
children and the rhinoceros and
brought them down from the
mountain and rescued them and.
Or they came across the rainbow
into the city because that they
are now on the boat with the
rhinoceros.
Rhinoceros the king is on the
rhinoceros and the children are
riding on the red canopied
Saddle of the rhinoceros and
they're all on the boat that's
making its way on the waterway,
through the city, through the
arches of the city.
And following them is the the
great tentacled purple squid
and.
Many other boat people.
Who are happy and cheering on.
In a parade following the
children and the king.
And the purple bird is flying
above the children and the king
also, as well as the purple
dragonfly.
um flying past the rainbow.
In what seems to be a joyful
scene of welcoming the children
and the king.
Into the city. Next page.
And.
The king.
Brought the children to the
place where they began, at the
beginning of the entrance of the
tunnel, and this picture shows
them the children climbing off
of the rhinoceros.
Actually, the boy has already
climbed down off the rhinoceros,
down the steps to the rock that
they originally were hiding
behind. And the little girl is.
Sliding down off of the purple
rhinoceros and the king has has
taken her hand in helping her
down.
Down the steps and he is
standing on the steps, making
sure that they get down safely
to the entrance of The Cave. And
the final tentacle of the squid
is is out of the water and
waiting goodbye. And the
dragonfly, purple dragonfly is
flying through the air and there
the rock is covered with
beautiful flowers, you know,
colorful flowers.
And the rainbow is in the
background over the city and the
arches of the city.
And then the next page is a
white page that just has three
things on it.
The little bird. Oh, I'm sorry,
I didn't see on the previous
page. The Little purple bird is
still sitting on the boy's
shoulder.
And then on the next page, white
page with the three scenes, the
children are standing at the
entrance to The Cave.
Umm.
And the king is.
Umm.
He has
Golden or yellow
Stick in his hand or something
in his hands that he's.
Almost like a a wand, but it's a
crooked wand in his hands. It's
above the head of the children,
and he's holding it above the
children in the middle two
scene, 2nd scene.
He's placing a crown on the
boy's head. The boy kneeled down
and he's placing a crown on the
boy's head and the purple bird
is flying above the little boy,
hovering and and then in the
third scene at the bottom.
The King has also placed the
crown on the little girl's head
and has his hands raised up to.
His face in a prayerful gesture,
thanking the children for their
help in saving him.
The gold crayon that he used to
make the crown.
Is laying at the King's feet.
But the little girl still has
her red crayon, and the little
boy still has a crayon in his
hand.
So they are leaving the hand of
the king and heading back into
the passageway, the door of the
passageway.
The final picture or the picture
that I'm looking at shows the
children.
Coming out of the doors back
into.
Their City Park looks a lot like
Central Park in New York.
Umm.
And now the rainbow that they.
found in the other world, is
arching across their own city of
New York.
The rain has stopped, but there
are still puddles.
That reflects, that give the
reflection of them on the on the
ground as they come out of the
doors, the light is still lit
from the ceiling of the bridge,
and they still have their crowns
and their crayons in their hand,
and they're walking out.
Of the tunnel, the tunnel of the
bridge that they originally were
under when it was raining, and
they're walking and heading
towards the city into the park.
#END_quest
Alright.
OK.
This is a complex scene.
OK, there you go.
#START_unfriendly_giants OK,
this scene is called the
unfriendly giant.
And it's a very colorful scene
of.
Giants doing all kinds of
different things and they're
using little people.
I guess.
It could be a scene of like
lilliputians in their little
villages.
With the Giants using them in
all of their types of games.
In.
At the bottom of the picture
there is a group of 1,2.
Six giants around a chess board
and they have taken some of the
people and are using them as
chess pieces for their game of
chess and.
In another scene there are.
There are a group of giants who
have straws in their mouth and
they've sucked up water from up
a lake in the ground and are
shooting the water at the
people, using them as targets
for their game of water. That
that that group of giants is in
the lower right hand corner of
the picture and the Group of
Giants playing chess with the
people are in the bottom.
Section, left hand section of
the picture. Also in that part
part, the lower part of the
picture are a couple village
houses that are they. These are.
English Old English houses with
thatched roofs and wooden,
wooden walls and doors.
Umm.
And in one of them there is a
there's.
It looks like some of the people
are trying to fight back the the
of the little people they
there's like there's some
soldiers on horseback, there's a
king that have swords and
they're trying to hurt the
giants but.
They're not quite able to take
control of the situation. They
have a a one of those things
from old times, old English
times that what that throw, I
forget, catapult that throw the
balls and one of the one of the
catapults has shot a big boulder
and hit one of the giants in the
head.
He has the face of, like, what
just hit me.
And there are some other.
It's hard to tell what actually
else is going on down there, but
there's also another group of
little people that that has a a
towering catapult with a hammer
on it, and they're just about to
hit one of the giants on the
head with this giant hammer.
In the middle of the scene there
are five giants. Four of them
are men giants, and one, Oh no,
it's just four male giants.
And they are.
Looks like they are going to
lasso.
One of the houses with the.
With the little people's houses,
they've put a rope around and
lasso around it.
Not sure what they're going to
do, except possibly destroy it.
One of the Giants is walking
around with little people in his
belt.
And then,
The little people are.
Being very.
um creative and attracting one
of the Giants to them to
hopefully hurt him and get rid
of him. They've they've built a
wooden woman, giant female giant
waving hello and one of the
giants is headed towards her
with a bouquet of pink flowers
and a little heart over his head
thinking that he will get to
know this wooden woman but
behind, hidden behind her is a
tall tower.
with another mallets.
catapult mallet that will.
Hit the giant on the head as he
gets closer to this fake wooden
woman.
The same thing is happening on
the left side of the picture
with another giant who is
attracted to the another wooden
woman who is standing in front
of a hidden catapult with a big
mallet on top, and she's wearing
a light blue skirt with a red
shirt and has blonde hair.
So that's all happening in the
middle of the picture and then
at the top of the picture it
shows that a large hill.
Umm.
But compared to the Giants, it's
not very large, but the hill
rises up out of a river, and at
the top of the hill the little
people had built a stone village
that the Giants have.
Have encircled and are taking
little people and putting them
in their belts and trying to
harm them. One of the Giants has
ripped up a tree and is sweeping
the little people away with it,
and another giant is spinning
that the windmill.
Really fast and and ruining it
and.
Also, the little people have
built another wooden woman and
then this one. They've actually
been able to hit the giant in
the head.
So it's really a scene of chaos
that this giant that these
giants have brought to the
little the little People's
Village.
And they're doing their best to
destroy it, while the little
people are doing their best to
save it by attacking the the
giants with whatever means they
can.
And everybody's very colorful.
The Giants have red and blue and
green and yellow bright yellow
striped clothing and the little
people are also in mostly
primary colors.
#END_unfriendly_giants
Umm.
The end.
OK, perfect.
Chinext is a short story.
Alright.
In this picture on these two
pages.
#START_arrival_2 On the first
page we see.
12 scenes, 12 small pictures
that are arranged in groups of
3, 3 in four rows.
Umm.
In the first picture, on the top
row is a picture of three.
People and they're wearing what
looks to be.
Sheets are wrapped in wrapped in
blankets or clothes, something
they're wrapped in something
with the veils over their head.
And they're sitting with a
suitcase beside them. The next
picture, middle top picture,
shows a picture of three men in
hats and suits also sitting with
their luggage in front of them.
And the next picture is a
picture of a woman holding a
baby, and she's also sitting.
Waiting, and there's a man
behind her with his back to the
picture, walking away.
In the 2nd row down, the first
of three pictures shows a man
sitting on a suitcase, writing
in a journal.
Then the second picture is a
close up of the journal and
shows his hand writing with the
pen in his hand.
And the third picture is a
picture of him tearing out a
page of his journal and just, it
just shows his hands and the
journal, as he tears out the
paper.
The third line down, the first
picture of the third line.
Is.
The page that he took out, he's
folding up.
Into something. He's fold, He
makes the first pull fold in the
first picture. In the middle
picture he makes the second
fold, and in the third picture
he completes the folding and.
On the 4th row of pictures down,
the first picture shows that the
man. It's a picture of the man
with his face and his hand and
arm and the hat on his head, and
he's holding the the bird that
he just folded out of paper.
Second picture of the 4th row is
the man sitting on and looking.
Holding his journal in his left
hand and looking behind him.
Umm.
As he sits on the bench and the
final picture of the 4th row and
final picture of the group shows
the man standing up, getting off
of his luggage and walking away.
But it doesn't show his face or
his head, it just shows his
lower body.
And I can't really tell, but he
might have a little bird in his
hand.
Umm.
It's hard to say, but it looks
like it's there. On the next
page. There are three pictures
at the top of the page.
One is the picture of the man's
head as he's turned, looking
away from us with his head on
his head.
And then the middle picture
shows the man has turned back
around and is looking to his, up
and to his right. And then the
third picture shows that heats
turned and looked to the left.
He's looking at something in the
sky.
That's bright. He's got his
hands protecting his eyes so
that he can see what it is in
the sky.
But that try not to look into
the light.
And underneath those 3 pictures,
it's one large picture of.
Umm.
Strange and interesting birds
flying over a boat that's
crossing the water, and on the
boat are many people. All of
them are standing.
And there are tubes coming out
of the the boat that the people
are standing around and and
these tubes are.
Where maybe sound would come
from or smoke would come from to
make the boat go forward.
But above these, above them all,
are these white birds that are
that have wings, white wings and
a long white tail with two white
legs coming from the tail.
Next.
The picture is the next picture
is a very Gray picture of a
city.
Similar to you might see of the
New York skyline in in.
In days of when it was very
polluted.
So there's no color in this
picture. It's just shades of
Gray and black and brown. And it
shows the the boat with all the
people on it. And they're now
looking. They've walked to one
side of the boat and they're
looking at the harbor where
there are ships and big ships
and small sailboats and all
kinds of, all sizes of boats.
And and the ship is headed
towards the port of this great
Gray City.
And on the next page.
The boat is sailing towards the
entrance to the city which is.
A large statue or two large
statues of.
Two men shaking hands.
Dressed in.
Some kind of long garments and
each, one has a square hat on
his head and the other has a a
cone hat on his head and they
each have a strange animal on.
On one,
The man on the left has a an
animal sitting on his arm with a
long tail, and the man on the
right has a a bird animal
sitting on his shoulder, and the
man on the right has what looks
to be an apple in his hand.
And both men are shaking hands,
and by their feet the man with
the.
Animal with a long tail has a
suitcase in his hand and a
coffee cup by his foot.
And the other man has a large
pot with the lid and also teapot
and these these are great stone
statues that frame the entrance
to the city. And the people on
the boat are. You can see some
of the people in the bottom part
of this picture looking at the
entrance and also there's a
Steamboat heading towards.
The boat. Turn the page.
We're now looking at the front
of this great boat where all the
people are standing on. It's a
very.
Large ship.
That is heading towards the
harbor to dock. The people are
standing very high. The boat,
the boat is very high up.
Umm.
From the water and the people
look very small now. The white
birds are are flying around the
ship.
And also down towards the water
and we're seeing the boat that
the people were on from a very
different angle, the angle from
the water.
And if we go to the next page.
On the top half of the page.
Are six scenes.
There are three scenes and one
row and three scenes in the 2nd
row. The first scene is just a
picture of.
Five people, one with a woman in
the middle and two men, three
men looking at her and one is of
a little boy who's walking out
of the scene. The second picture
in the middle top row is of a
man with a megaphone who is
shouting at the people
directions. He's pointing to
them what to do. And the third
picture, top row, right, is of
the a pair of hands opening the
gates of the boat.
Pulling the rope.
Putting a hook that's attached
to a rope onto the.
Onto something in the door.
And pulling it.
The next row, the first picture,
is of a a man's hand holding the
the suitcase handle. That's all
you see. And then the middle
picture pans out and you see a
group of people, including a
woman and some children.
And some men with hats.
And their luggage.
And a man behind all of them,
with his luggage on his
shoulder, all looking like
they're getting ready to to
disembark.
And the third picture.
Is a picture of the the gates
having been open and people are
leaving the boat.
On the bottom half of this page
is one large picture of a line
of people with their luggage
standing and waiting.
To to.
Make their way, I guess into the
city or out of the building
where the boat docked.
To.
To visit their family or to
start their new life. Again, the
picture is very dark.
The people are in brown or or
Gray and.
They there's no not much life in
this picture other than the the
men and women standing around
holding their luggage and it
looks like they don't know what
what they need to do.
#END_arrival_2 Next page.
I'm.
Right.
If you need to take a break and
grab water, you can.
We have only four items left.
We have two stories and two
scenes.
OK.
#START_Return {The story you're
seeing, this is a story. OK, so
this story is for the author's
parents. For my parents.}
The first page of the scene is.
It's.
A A cutaway of.
What looks to be a house. So
they've they've.
Cut this the walls away so that
you can see the internal rooms
of the house and then it's a
it's a two-story house with a
basement.
Brick block basements.
And in the basement are typical
basement things. You can just
see part of pipes and the water
heater and what looks to be like
the top of a guitar case.
Umm.
And then you the the next floor
that you go up to is the picture
of the entrance, and you can see
the outside steps leading up to
the door, and you come into a
parlor room where there is a
doorway leading up to steps.
And a little window in the wall
there, but on on this side of
the doorway there's a coat rack
where there are a couple of
coats and a hatch.
And then on the opposite side of
the doorway there is a little
table with a lamp on it and what
looks to be like a plant stand
or an umbrella stand, vase or
urn.
On the wall there's some
wallpaper and two pictures are
hung on the wall.
Above that.
Above the entrance way. If you
were to walk up the stairs,
there's a young man sitting at
his desk. He's an artist or an
engineer. He has a desk that
rises up or lowers that is
supposed to an engineer or an
engineer an artist would use to
make it easier. He's sitting on
a stool and he has a bright lamp
over his head that helps be what
he's drawing.
In his room.
There's a bookcase.
Behind that, that's sitting
behind the door.
That that someone would use to
enter the room.
Umm.
And there's a a large frame
picture on the wall of a of a
building that has a dome on it,
and the bookcases filled with
books. And there's another
picture on the wall of something
else, but it's hidden by a red
kite that is flying into the
room.
Behind the young man and the
only color in this picture is
the young man who has brown hair
and a beard and some brown
sideburns, and he's wearing a
light blue shirt and Navy blue
pants.
And the other color is the red
tight that's flying into the
room.
On the next page.
The house continues the 1st
floor of the House.
Umm, the steps actually lead up
to no. I don't know where this
is stuff from the parlor lead up
to, but if you were to go into.
The next room you would find
yourself in the kitchen, and
from the kitchen they have, they
have.
The the maids stairs that go up
the back stairs and those stairs
lead to the second floor.
And up on the 2nd floor is the
hallway.
Where you that leads into the
young man's room.
Umm.
At the top of the steps.
There is a sitting area where it
has a couch and a little table
with a plant, and a table that
has a television on it and a
blanket so that whoever can sit
on the chair.
Can stay warm underneath the
blanket. There are also a few
pictures on the.
On the walls in this room.
And the door in the wall.
That leads to another room.
That has the bed in it, and A
and a a wall lamp.
It can be used to use a reading
lamp that's comes out from the
wall.
And there's a cat laying on the
bed.
And it's not a very big bedroom.
But it has a door that leads
into a bathroom that that would
be an on suite bathroom for the
bedroom.
And in that that bathroom,
there's a pedestal sink.
And a couple light.
A light.
Asking.
It's a typical bathroom with a
pedestal sink and a mirror on
the wall and a lamp coming out
of the wall so that you can see
while you're in the bathroom
and.
And then there are also two
pictures on the wall with the.
That little trash can next to
the the sink.
And that is all on the 2nd
floor. On the 1st floor, as you
enter, you come into the parlor
area. That leads you into the
kitchen area, which has a stove
and a sink and some cabinetry.
And then from the kitchen you
can walk forward through a door
that takes you into the little a
little child's bedroom with a
twin size bed and a.
What looks like a map on the
wall. There's also a window in
this little boy's room, and
underneath the window there's a
his dresser with a little lamp
on it and.
All kinds of things.
Be using in his room and the
picture of little boy, he has a
crown and something red in his
left arm that he's holding and
in his right hand arm he has a
red marker and he's drawing an
arch on the wall that looks like
maybe becoming a door, a doorway
to the walls. So again, there's
color in.
Only two rooms of this house.
The young man, the older man
who's drawing it up in his room
on the second floor.
That the kite, the red kite has
flown into, and then on the
bottom room, the the 1st floor,
the far room to the right of the
house, there's a little boy who
has a gold crown and a white
shirt and some blue pants and
brown shoes, who's drawing with
the red marker on the wall.
Next page.
So on this white page is a page
that has three scenes. The top
scene is of the man sitting at
the desk drawing wearing a blue
light blue shirt and Navy blue
pants.
He turns around, he hears
something and turns around and
sees that there's the kite is
laying on the ground.
In the next scene underneath
that, the man is gotten up from
his chair and picked up the red
kite and is looking at it
perplexed.
And in the third scene on the
bottom.
Umm.
The man has left.
And this kite is still laying on
the floor.
And as we look to the next page.
The man has.
Gone to find the little boy, so
he has gone down the steps to
the little boys room.
And sees that.
The that the little boy has.
Made a door, red door out of his
room and so the picture is of
the little boys room and the man
is looking through this red door
that's bent over and is looking
through the red door that has
some bright light coming out of
and I'm wondering what is going
on.
And the man decides to walk
through that red door that the
little boy drew, and he enters
into a beautiful forest that has
lots of candle Candelaria and
lanterns hanging from the trees
and and small lights on stream
that are hanging to the.
Of.
Life in the forest and in the
dark and.
The trees are growing alongside
a pond or a river and jutting
out from the.
The land is a small.
Dock.
And on that dock it's a small
red ball and the man sees it
and.
He's on the other side of the
water.
But he starts to walk towards
the dock and the ball.
And turn the page.
And he finds his way across the
water.
And in this picture we see the
man standing on the wooden dock.
Holding the red ball.
Umm.
And there are again that the
trees are filled with these
lanterns of.
Red reddish light and the force
is lit up and along the
waterway. Coming towards the man
is a boat, it's an animal. It's
a boat that looks like an
animal.
In the front it looks like it
has the head of a horse, but on
the back it has the tail
feathers of a bird or the fins
of a of a of something. But this
thing is gently riding along the
the water towards around the
bend towards the man holding the
red ball.
And the next page is of white
page with three different scenes
at the top.
The boat with the forehead or
kangaroo even had has stopped at
the dock and the man is looking
at it holding the ball.
But the boat just.
Continues past and it surprises
the man and so instead of just
standing there he decides to
jump onto the boat. So he jumps
onto the boat holding the hand
and the last scene on the bottom
of the page is the man standing
on the boat holding the ball and
crouched over as the boat
continues to leave the page.
This page is shows the boat is
heading towards.
A great castle.
And the man is standing on the
boat with his hands, his arm
raised above his head.
Trying to see what what's ahead
of him. He is still holding the
red ball and he looks like he's
trying to decide where the boat
is heading.
The entrance to the city is is
covered by two wooden doors that
are opening as the boat
approaches on the water.
And pretty soon, the vote will
pass through.
The gate into a long.
Hallway.
And the next page.
Is a picture of the night with a
beautiful full moon in the sky
that that's is shining on the
water.
And.
In this picture is.
Shows an archway of a city.
That that spans over a body of
water.
And it's part of the city that
the man was entering in, but.
Hmm.
It looks like.
The little boy.
Is riding in a boat cross the
bridge.
From one part of the city to the
next, Umm. On the left side of
the city are the golden domes on
top of the buildings. And the
man, maybe the man. When he has
his hands raised to his eyes, he
sees the little boy.
Riding across the bridge and
he's trying to to catch up to
him, but the little boy is
almost to the other side of the
bridge and to the other side of
the city next page.
And it shows that the man.
Was riding the boat and it did
catch up to the little boy.
Leaves.
The the horse boat and the gall
behind and jumps onto the dock,
just as the little boy and the
little girl are walking up the
steps towards the king and the
purple bird that were.
In another part of the scene,
the little Boy and girl were
riding on a red boat.
And that is also docked and they
are being welcomed by the king
and they both still have their
crowns on.
And to the lower part of the
picture, there are some soldiers
standing there. One has a bugle
or trumpet in his hand, and the
other, they both have trumpets
in their hands, and they're
looking at each other and
looking at the the king. And as
the father jumps out of the boat
onto the dock, he raises his
hand and calls to the children
and the king.
And on the next page it's a
white page with with one single
scene.
And the man is reaching out
towards the king, but the
children are ignoring him.
And the little girl.
Crosses her arms and turns her
head away.
As if she doesn't want to see
her father and the little boys
back to him and he's walking
towards his sister. Neither of
them are paying attention to
their father except for the king
who's looking at the children
and wondering.
What's happening?
And and the king has a throne
there with three chairs.
And that is that the next page.
So as the king was greeting the.
The father and the children.
And the bird, the purple bird.
They now realize that the
soldiers who were chasing them
have also appeared, and one of
them, the one in the gold armor.
Has arrived and is just about to
get off of the boat and come up
the steps to chase them.
And the king has his arm.
They're all facing the dock area
from the top of the steps. The
father, the little girl, the
little boy, and the king. The
king has this arm around the
little boy, who's holding a
purple.
Crayon his hand and the little
girl has a red crayon in her
hand. And the father. They all
look like they're about to run
away from this.
Soldier who is chasing them? the
next page.
It's now night time in the city,
and the next page shows that not
only is the man in the gold
armor chasing them, but all of
his soldiers have also arrived
and are on the boat heading
leading up, running up the steps
to take the king and the
children and the man. But the
king is raising his hand. He has
something gold in his hand and
on the next page.
Next page.
We see that.
The king threatens the soldiers
with this gold.
Crayon or gold thing, he's
drawing something and the
children and the father in the
background watching him with
concern as to what is happening.
And the soldiers are also
standing at the bottom of the
steps, staring up to at the
king, wondering what he's doing
with this gold crayon or pen in
his hand.
And the man, the the gold man,
the Gold Soldier has something
in his hand. It's not the cage
this time, but it's something
that has a handle, like
something that maybe makes some
noise.
Anyway, in the next page is a
white page with three scenes.
The scene the first scene is
with the King has drawn a golden
sword and he threatens the the
the soldier with it.
But in the second picture on the
page on the white page.
Something is flying
out-of-the-box that the, the,
the.
Soldier with the gold clothes
has on and it's.
It looks like it has taken the
sword as such. Maybe it's like a
vacuum that sucks the the
crayons out of the hands of the
king and out of his sash and
renders him.
Harmless.
And the the Gold Soldier tells
his soldiers to take the king
once again.
And they take the king down the
steps, and the man with the
gold.
Hat and armor and the box. The
vacuum box runs off the picture
to the next page.
And this is a white page.
With three characters, 4
characters, you can see the the
Golden Soldier in the back with
his box in his hand way in the
in the back.
But closer to where you're
sitting is the little girl
holding the bird, the purple
bird and her red crayon, and
then the father. And then the
son is in the front drawing with
his purple crayon, and he's
drawing in wings, right wing.
And the little girl and the
father are concerned about what
they're seeing him draw, but
just in the nick of time, the
boy completes his drawing of the
flying.
I have no idea the flying lion.
Or dragon.
The Purple Dragon you flies away
across the moon, across the
water, away from the man with
the vacuum box, and away from.
Place where the king was taken
off into the night. They fly,
and all three of them are
sitting on this.
Lion Dragon watching, looking at
the man with the box who's
reaching towards them but cannot
reach them.
Next.
But much to their surprise.
The next page is the picture of
the the Golden King, the Golden
Soldier who continues to pursue
them. But he has in this box a
lot of power because the the box
has the power to suck the color
away from people's lives and
make it dark again, and so the
the boat that he was in on the
water.
Now can fly through the air, and
it lifts up and follows.
The father and the two children,
and it proceeds to stuck the
the.
Drawings of the the dragon that
the little boy made and also the
the purple crayon out of the
little boy's hand and and the
the dragon is starting to
dissolve. Is starting to
dissolve and the father and the
son and the daughter are
frightened. Now they don't know
what's going to happen, because
if they lose the dragon they'll
drop into the ocean or or down
into.
Into the the castle.
Next page.
Which is exactly what happens as
the as the box sucks in the the
Purple Dragon and finishes.
Sucking in all of the feathers
from it.
The the little boy.
Umm.
Flies through the air and the
king grabs his hand. The King is
also in the boat as a prisoner,
and the king grabs the little
boy's hand to pull him into the
flying boat.
And on the next page, it shows
the father and the little girl
floating through the air, but it
looks like they're going to fall
because they weren't able to
grab on to anything. And the
little girl still has the crayon
in her hand and the bird in her
arm, the purple bird in her arm,
but her crown is falling off her
head and the father is very
concerned and.
Looks very surprised as they're
floating in the air.
Next page.
And this is a picture of the
father and the daughter falling.
From the sky and from the the
bird into the water.
And sinking down into the water
into the under and underwater
city where the fish are swimming
around and there are underwater
structures.
The father and the daughter and
the purple bird have fallen, but
thankfully the little girl was
able to still hold on to her red
crayon and the next picture
shows it's a white page and it
shows her drawing.
Red outline that looks kind of
like a A.
It could possibly be a submarine
type vessel, but she's enclosed
her.
And the bird, the purple bird,
and her father within the lines
of this of this red.
Drawing next page.
And this page we see a scene of
the of an underground life and
the colors it's green and and
blue water and yellow sea life
and.
Corals and ends.
Plants and on the next page we
see the under and underground
view of the the.
Submarine that the little girl
had grown and in the submarine
you can see the the sides of the
submarine have been removed.
Have been cut away so that we
can see what's going on in the
submarine.
And submarine, there are three
compartments. The father
inhabits the first compartments
and he's sitting down looking
out the window and the little
girl is in the top compartment
where she controls the the
telescope and can see.
Up and outside of the water she
can see along the surface of the
water and in the front of the
submarine is the bird.
Who is?
Excuse me, sitting there.
And the submarine has bubbles.
Towards the back so it looks
like the propeller is on and
it's making its way through the
sea.
Next page.
And as the as the submarine made
its way through the sea, it came
to a landing place.
Which was the entrance to a
cave. And so they decided to
stop and take a rest and climb
out of the climb out of the
submarine through a little.
Hole off a little hatchway.
And the the little girl and her
father and purple bird.
Have come out of the submarine
and they see in the air what
looks to be people floating
around, but they're not really
quite sure. There may be some
fish there and people and some
boats.
But they're all floating in the
air outside of this cave.
And.
The camera moves.
The camera moves into a more
detailed shot closer into The
Cave and it it shows more people
and more boats floating in the
air.
And and so.
Uh.
We see that it's becoming a big
room next page.
So they leave the submarine, and
the father and the daughter and
the bird walk into The Cave and
they they're the little girl is
pointing to all the.
Umm.
Ah, it seems like they're maybe
not floating in The Cave, but
more than they are cave drawings
on the walls.
They look like they were drawn
by the Kingsman.
Thousands of years ago, and the
little girl was pointing to
these drawings on the wall of
The Cave. Somehow they are lit
up. We're not sure why, except
maybe because of the sun. It's
the sun starting to come up.
Also in this picture, there's a
little door underneath a mantle
of rock. It's a little Gray
door.
In the next picture there is.
Just a view.
From inside The Cave, looking
out.
But danger lurks because.
The shadow of the boat of the
soldiers is.
Is.
Showing on the wall eyes are
glowing and.
The father and the daughter do
not see it yet, but is
approaching The Cave.
Anyway, next page.
So.
As they as they suddenly realize
that the the boat has arrived
and they're hiding behind a big
pillar in The Cave.
And they're looking up.
At the the father's looking up
at the drawings still, but the
little girl and the birds see.
The the the Gold Knight and his
boat, and the king and the
knights that are holding him and
the brother hostage.
But they decide to try to
escape. And so the father takes
the little girl's purple crayon.
And on the next page it's a
white page and there are three
scenes. The first scene he takes
the crayon. In the middle scene,
the little bird lands on the
girl's shoulder and the father
takes the crayon and draws.
A.
Umm.
It looks like he's drawing a
door, but it's actually a place
for the little bird to sit like
a bird house.
And they they put the little
bird in this house.
And the father is on his knees
finishing up the drawing, and
the little girl is looking at
him with her hand on her head.
Kind of perplexed. Next page.
And as the little bird is
sitting on his new little cage.
The the soldier with the vacuum
machine.
Runs toward the bird and sucks
it into his machine while the
father and daughter watch.
Umm.
Oh.
But the next page shows that it
was a trap because the.
Umm.
The bird is sucked into the
machine, but the father drew a
trap. So when the man when the
knight ran up the ramp into this
little cage that the bird was
in.
The the doors, the wooden doors
of the the wooden sides of the
cage quickly raise up.
And capture the the Golden
Knight.
And the the vacuum box flies out
of his hand and into the
father's hands. And the little
girl. So now the knight is stuck
in the the cage, the bird cage.
And the father has his machine
and the little girl. They're
both standing out. And a couple
of the bird birds purple
feathers have fallen
out-of-the-box. Next page.
And the father raises the box
over his head and smashes it
onto a rock in The Cave, and
colors fly everywhere. The
rainbow lights up the inside of
The Cave and the bird escapes.
And all of the different things
that have been sucked into the
box have now escaped, including
the the.
The dragon, the Purple Dragon
and the Purple bird and the
little yellow butterflies and
the the.
The The Cave is just awash in
light.
And.
The king and the young boy leave
the the the boat that looked
like a horse.
And join the light.
And the soldiers?
Can't stand the light and try to
protect themselves from it and
back away.
Next.
It is the.
And as the king and the purple
bird on his shoulder, and the
little boy and the little girl
and the father stand on the
shore of the water in The Cave,
surrounded by beautiful light
and colorful birds, they watch
the.
The large dragon.
Carry the cage with the bad
knight away through the air.
And taking him off to never be
seen again.
And.
The people are rejoicing the the
animals and the the octopus and
even.
The Golden Knights Knights have
decided to stay back and and and
be part of the light.
And the next page is the white
page where the father, the
little girl, is hugging her
father, and the little boy is
standing back to the side with
the king and the bird.
And they're standing beside the
door.
That.
It's slightly ajar with the.
The end of the kite sticking out
of it and it looks like they're
saying goodbye next page.
And this is the picture of the
red kite that.
Took that was that had flown
into the father's room. It's
flying above the city and
heading towards the house where
the father and the the children
lived. And the little door in
the father's office room has now
opened and the light is shining
in. #END_Return
Next.
OK, let me see.
In.
OK, next is.
Complex scene.
OK.
So this is just a complex
scene, OK? #START_ancient_rome
This scene is called fun and
games in ancient Rome.
And it is a scene of a.
A Colosseum type structure
that's just totally chaotic.
Umm.
It looks like they were going to
feed.
The gladiators to the Lions and
have battles, and but the Lions
have all escaped, and the horses
have escaped they were going to
have.
There's all kinds of things
going on in this picture. There
are many kinds of animals
running around. There are
leopards and horses and lions
and all kinds of people. There
are people just in togas, and
there are gladiators, and there
are.
I forget what those are called.
The the teams of horses that
race Chariots that looks like
there were they were going to
have chariot races and gladiator
fights and feed the Christians
to the Ant to the lions.
But everything's happening at
once here. And so the gladiators
are riding their horses. But
then the horses are riding, the
Chariots are in the Chariots,
and the gladiators or the
soldiers are pulling the horses
in the Chariots. And in one
picture that a man has fallen
out of his chariot and horses
are pulling him, and the lions
are roaming all over the place,
eating people and.
Threatening people and burying
people and.
The Gladiators are gladiators
who are fighting each other, and
there are gladiators who are
forming a chain to try to get
out of the rink. And there are
lions who have formed a pyramid
and climbing up each other to
try to get out of the rink and
into the crowd. And as the lions
are coming up, the crowd is
running, trying to get away from
the lions.
One part and the other part the
people are still standing around
and watching what's happening in
the rest of the ring ring.
Umm.
And it's lots of bright colors
and in the middle of the, in the
middle of the rink is stand. So
the people are being buried in
sand and playing in the sand
and.
It's very colorful, with every
color you can imagine and all
around the walls of the circular
stadium or ring.
Are people cheering on the
gladiators and the animals to
each other? #END_ancient_rome
Next.
OK, next is.
Another complex scene. Our last
complex scene.
OK. #START_by_the_lake
This scene is called by the
lake.
So it's a picture of.
Umm.
Lakeside party.
And all the things that people
do at a lake.
And it looks like it's a
mountain lake up in the in the
Alps. You can see in the in the
very background, snow covered
peaks of mountains and beautiful
blue sky and fluffy clouds
floating by.
And on the lake or surrounding
the lake are different chalets.
Some of them are typical wooden
wooden houses that you might see
on a lake.
In the United States, and some
of them are very ornate houses
that you might see on a lake
somewhere in Europe.
Lake Como, where there are
beautiful stucco houses and and
castles and.
And so those homes are
surrounding the lake, but.
Most of the picture is taken or
is drawn from the perspective of
the beach on the lake.
And the beach is full of people,
and it's very colorful and
people of all ages and all
colors and all types in bathing
suits and clothes. And they're
doing all kinds of Beachy
things, like playing beach
volleyball and sitting by a boat
and flying a kite and sitting
under the umbrellas reading and
sitting on the beach getting a
tan and there's a young.
Man on a Segway riding on the
sands and there's a group of
kids building a sandcastle and
this one and.
People walking hand in hand
taking walks along the along the
beach and a man with a net
trying to catch some fish on the
beach and.
And all these people are also
taking turns going in the water
where there's lots of activity,
many people floating on rafts in
the water. There's two people
kayaking in the water and out
off of the off of the shore
there's a platform where there's
a probably 10 people standing
and and having a great time and
diving off and jumping off the
platform.
And climbing back up the ladder
onto the platform and they're
standing there and waving to the
people on the shore. And as
they're waving a, a little ski
boat goes by and with.
Three or four people on it and
waving at the people on shores.
It's is it speeds by.
And.
There are people standing on
paddle boards and there are
people sitting in boats where
they where it's like a paddle
boat where they paddle it with
their feet. And there are people
in windsurfing and a Viking boat
doing biking, boating.
And just like someone on a
motorcycle boat with big.
Big floating tires and people in
a rubber boat and.
There's a woman playing with her
dog in the shallow end of the
water, and some people laying on
rafts where it's more shallow
and.
Finally, way out towards the
castles where it's rather deep.
There's a.
There's a boat pulling a pyramid
of performers who are doing a
boat show and they have 12345
rows of people.
All standing on each other's
shoulders till they come to a
top 1A single person at the top
and they are pulling them
towards around out there on the
lake for people to enjoy the
show.
And then there are also some
para sailors who are floating
around the lake and being towed
by boats out on the lake. It's a
very laky Beachy.
Scene very colorful.
#END_by_the_lake
Let me see. OK, now we're on
our last item and it is.
A short story.
OK.
#START_journey And this story is
for Josephine.
And it begins.
With a picture of a block, a
house in a city with a few
children playing outside, and a
lamppost and a a a street light.
And a little mailbox, and we see
the same little boy from stories
past where he has a red crayon
in his hand or a marker in his
hand and he's standing looking
at one of the houses.
On the next page is his sister,
who's sitting out on the steps
of the house. The the sidewalk
steps and she's got her chin on
her knees, her knees tucked up
underneath her chin, and she's
staring at her red.
Scooter.
And.
We see the same, a little bit of
a different scene of a different
house.
The the entryway is the same and
the kitchen is the same but the
the.
The second floor is a little bit
different.
There's a father up there, but
he's changed his.
Office around it looks to be a
little more modern he now rather
than having an architectural
table, engineering table that
that.
Stands up, he has a a regular
desk that has a computer on it,
and he seems to be.
Working on his computer and in
the next room, the door next to
the room next to him.
There's someone laying on the
couch looking at her.
Phone looking at something on
her phone on her screen.
And on the 1st floor, the mother
is in the kitchen cooking
dinner.
And and then the other little
girl sitting outside on the
stump looking at a red scooter.
OK.
The next page is a white page
with three different scenes.
The little girl who was outside
with her scooter is now in the
kitchen with her mom, who's
talking on the phone. It is a
landline phone. It has a long
cord and her mother stirring
something on the stove, and the
little girl was looking at
something on the counter.
In the.
Scene the next scene? The little
girl is in her father's office,
looking over his chair and over
his shoulder at the computer
screen, and she now has a red
kite in her hand.
And then on the bottom scene,
she is sitting with what looks
to be another girl on the couch
who is still looking at her
phone.
And this time, the little girl
has the red ball in her hand.
In each of these scenes, the
person who she's trying to.
Get their attention is ignoring
her. Her mother's on the phone
or father's on the computer and
her older sister is on a phone.
And so the next picture is of
the little girl in her room.
She's gone to her room, and it's
the same room where her little
bed is against the wall. There's
a map above her bed on the wall
with a little lamp that or
little light hanging from the
ceiling that's actually a hot
air balloon and a window looking
out into the city and a cat on
the floor taking a nap.
And her dresser drawer dresser
drawers with a little lamp on
it.
And a garbage can next to it
next page.
So she was sitting on her bed
and then she noticed that the
cat.
Who is now walking out of the
door of her room.
Was sitting on a red crayon and
some papers, and as the cat gets
up to leave, she notices the red
crayon there.
And on the next page it's a
white page with three scenes and
the first scene she picks up the
crayon and looks at the papers.
But in the next scene she is
drawing a an arch on the wall
and it looks like she's going to
draw a a door in the wall. And
in the third scene she's
completed the door and is
halfway through the door.
Running to another world.
From her room.
Next page.
And she enters the forest again.
This time it's a little bit
different. The the.
The lanterns are blue, although
the lights are still hung and
draped throughout the forest.
The lanterns are blue and it's a
little bit brighter.
But the river still there and in
the distance down the winding
river that's winding through the
trees is a is something floating
along the river. And the little
girl still standing at the door,
the light of her room is coming
through, you can see, but she's
walked through into this new
world of the forest next page.
And she, like her father, made
her, makes her way across the
river into onto the the dock
that was standing there. And
she's standing on the dock.
Looking into the water and you
can see a reflection of her self
and her red crayon in the water
as she stands at the end of the
dock looking down.
On the next page.
There are. It's a white page
with three scenes.
And she gets down on her knees
on the dock and reaches into the
water and takes her crayon and
begins to draw. And in the
second scene we see that looks
like she's drawing a boat. And
then the third scene she has
finished drawing the boat and
colored it red and has climbed
into the boat and is.
Sailing away in her boat next
page.
On this page it shows that her
little boat and she are floating
down.
The small stream.
Into the entrance.
And a large city. And at this
entrance is a wood or wooden
doors that are opening as her
little boat is coming and she's
leaving the forest of lanterns
for this big city.
And up on the ramparts of the
towers of the city, there are
soldiers there watching her, her
little boat float towards the
moats and the the the bridge
that her boat will.
Will float into.
And on the next page it's just
a.
Full of pictures of the city.
And.
City is has many floating.
Waterways running through it.
Lots of fountains that are
feeding these waterways where
boats float through the city.
And.
There's a boat.
Up on a bridge of a of an arch,
that is.
Floating across the bridge. And
it's the same bridge that this
little red boat was floating
across that the father was
chasing and saw. And and so
somehow this little boat will
get up to that bridge and we'll
find out.
In the next few pages, we can
turn the page.
So the little boat makes its way
through the locks and through
the dams of the of the city, and
as she's floating by in her
little red boat, people are
waving to her. The soldiers seem
very friendly this time, and
they're allowing her to pass
through.
Rather easily.
And there are people boating all
around. There's it looks,
resembles.
A lot like Venice, the types of
boats that you would find in
Venice, Italy.
But it's a strange and.
A strange and.
Fantastical city.
Next page.
Oh, on this page, the little
girl and her boat come to a
water fountain, a waterfall,
and.
Her boat is going to go over the
waterfall.
And as she looks down over the
Cliff to where the water's
going, she flies out of her
boat, but she pulls out her
crayon and draws in the air as
she's tumbling through the air
and the boat is falling down
next page.
And as she tumbles through the
air, her crayon makes a round
circle, and that circle becomes
her balloon, her hot air
balloon, and it saves her from
from landing in in the water
and.
It looks this this hot air
balloon looks very much like the
light that was in her room. And
so the little girl is in the
basket that's attached to the
red balloon and is floating up
through the sky, and the
soldiers are waving to her, and
she's waving goodbye as she
begins to float.
And as she floats the next page,
you can see the purple bird that
had become a had befriended her
and her brother and her father
when they were.
Escaping the city and that's in
the sky are these dirigibles
that are floating through the
air, that carry people from here
to there like the buses of this
city's time, and also a big ship
with a steam wheel on it that
makes it fly through the the
clouds or allows it to.
Float on the water and make its
way through the water.
So the little girl takes by the
soldiers, and then?
Looks forward where her balloon
is floating and as as her
balloons floating up, she
notices some of the dirigibles
flying in the air and the big
ship that's flying in the air.
And she sees that that there the
Gold Knight is such a
troublemaker, is now still
trying to catch the purple bird.
And one of his, a couple of his
three of his Knights have a net
in their hand and they're trying
to grab the bird with a net to
because the golden cage that.
The bird is supposed to be
captured in is sitting on this
dirigible, and they're going to
put him in there when they catch
it.
But they haven't caught it yet.
Turn the page.
The the the balloon and the
little girl keep floating and
they float.
Towards the big.
Ship.
Where?
She sees that they actually did
catch.
The bird.
They have taken it back to the
ship and it is.
Sitting in its cage, I'm up on a
platform and the king is proud
to display.
Or they're lowering it, I'm
sorry, from the dirigible to to
the big boat where that they're
waiting for it to put it on
display in the shiny new cage
that's on the next page. I'm
sitting on this boat that that
has the steam wheel that flies
it through this sky.
And the little girl is just
floating by in her.
On air balloon next page.
So the little girl in the
balloon, they dock on this big
ship, there's a platform and
they dock, and then she runs
across the bridge.
Towards a door that will take
her to the internal parts of the
ship.
And we don't know where she's
headed yet, but we do see that
if she if there are stairs
inside this big.
Smokestack.
They can get her up to another
bridge where the the Gold Knight
and his his Knights and the the
bird in the cage are being taken
into another smokestack and
little girls running towards
that. And on the next page it
shows that the bird has been
captured and put in the cage and
is now being guarded by two
soldiers with Spears.
Who are under threat of death if
they let anything happen to the
bird.
And it's in this Beautiful
golden.
Next page.
Oh, I forgot to notice that on
the last page the girl found
followed the soldiers and was
climbing up a ladder.
Umm.
With her.
Red Pen in hand and snuck up on
the soldiers and grabbed the
bird and ran away. And so on
that page the soldiers are in
shock and they're telling her to
stop and one of them loses his
spear and the little girl just
runs for her life.
And the next picture is a
picture of the insides of the
boat and the panic that she's
created. The soldiers are all
running and the boat is.
Four stories high and all the
soldiers are focused on getting
to the girl who is going to free
the beautiful purple bird.
And so she sets the cage down
and opens it and frees the bird.
As the soldiers are running
towards her to capture her, and
the Gold Knight is standing at
the top of his boat pointing
down to the bird and telling his
soldiers to go and find her and
grab it.
But the bird is free and now the
little girl is stuck on the
boat.
Next.
The soldiers grabbed the girl
and the king that the gold
Knight comes to the.
Place where she's standing with
the empty cage and throws her
crayon over the edge so that she
has no way to.
Escape.
And so.
They put her in a cage.
On the next page they show her
being put in a cage and the
soldiers lowering her off of the
ship. Down, down, down and as
she's being lowered she's
looking over the edge.
To see where she's going to land
next page.
And to everyone surprise, the
purple bird.
Finds her red crayon and flies
towards the little girl who is
rejoicing and happy and jumping
up and down, waving her arms at
the bird for coming to save her.
And on the next page it's a
white page with three scenes.
Where the girl takes the the
bird lands on her shoulder and
hands her the red crayon, and
she gets down on her knees and
begins to draw a rectangle.
And the little bird flies off of
her shoulder and sits on the
ground beside her as she draws
this.
Purple rectangle.
Next page.
This page is a view from the
ship, the flying ship, and it
sees that the the little girl's
cage is empty and we're looking
down into the city on the wall,
the great walled city with palm
trees and people walking around.
But on the next page, it shows
that what the little girl was
actually drawing was a flying
carpet.
And this is allowing her to fly
above the city and the way from
the city and follow the purple
bird as he shows her which
direction to fly and they fly on
this page. They're flying past
the beautiful tall.
Umm.
Tower.
It looks like.
It's.
Images from.
The Middle East and the the.
Types of.
We're following the purple bird
next page.
And they fly away from the city.
It's the night sky.
It's getting dark and the stars
are coming out and the little
girl is flying on her magic
carpet over a beautiful scene of
of the desert and the mountains
and following the purple bird
towards alone.
Palm tree in the desert with
what looks to be a possible door
in the base.
And next?
And the little girl sees the
tree and lands her carpet near
the tree, something under her
red crayon. She walks towards
the door that she saw in the
face of the tree with back then
and then. Next page is a picture
of the scene of three pictures
where the little girl opens the
door.
And there's white light coming
out. And the little purple bird
flies into the door and the
little girl crawls into the door
and be in it back home. {Oh,
wait, like, exed out. Sorry.
That's OK.}
That's.
{Seems like a good place to
start home safely.}
{I don't know what happened
there.}
{OK, I guess I'll just have to
repull it up. That was really
weird.}
OK.
so the
little girl opens the door at
the base of the palm tree.
Um and.
The purple bird, her and the
purple bird who led her through
the dangers flies into the door,
and then she follows, crawling
through the door into the light.
Next page.
And as she crawled things to the
the door and comes out the other
side from the mailbox that the
little boy had been standing
beside.
And he's so happy to see them,
the purple bird, their friend
flies out and heads towards the
little boy. And he's just so
happy to see.
His friends as they come out of
the mailbox and then the next
page is just a white page with
three pictures. The first
picture is of the little boy
helping the little girl stand
up.
And he has the purple bird on
his hands. And the next picture
is of the little girl drawing a
circle red circle. And the
little boy has his purple marker
in his hand and he draws a
circle just like the girl and
the little purple bird. Or the
purple bird flies up off the
boy's shoulder and was covering
both places.
And out of the purple.
Circle and the red circle, the
boy and the girl make a bike.
They add their their. They need
tires to make a bike, a tandem
in which they're going to ride.
And in this scene, the little
girl points the direction she's
in the seat in front and the
little boys in the seat and
back, and she points that
they're going straight ahead and
the purple bird is flying right
behind them to protect them. And
you can also see the sewer.
System of the city underneath
the road where there are drought
riding on. #END_journey
It's part of the book.
Next page.
OK, so let me.